Y
hello gamers aquiles star game and in this
occasion is that ruiz de 14 ultimate
access are worth fully full and in
Spanish
christophe good guys to start
with loads this great game
mainly semi-annually
directly from youtube where we said
down the video in information
description
we have the following link we will open the
link the link does not start to see
website here we will have the post of the
Newly played and 14 ultimate hdi time in
Spanish is a game cover more
below we find the destruction of
game
that tell us little the game down to
through the technical specifications of the game of
features we have screenshots of
game screen to see how
directly the game and down the
trailer captures so they can
further deepen this under the trailer to
the installation height that from this
same video that was also this moment
down the fully installation with
I have another female or they are downloaded in
interchangeable servers like mega a
local and by chávez traces to we choose the
server of our preference in my
case will choose mega when when
select a link a server
sorry
for example here the least for tough
level 4 and shy hd and have less view
motorcycle moves the game is up in 11
part let's download the part
number 1
we will wait five seconds to teach
here and after that we will click on skeet
and we also wait five
insurance that point us here and then
we will click on jump advertising
after this we had to have
relaunched directly in the venues
load as we can see here for example
mega here we will do then lohan or
download and as you can see will begin
the direct download will start in my case
I'm going to cancel it because I charge them
previously but if it is also this
100% download and this same way the
we load all the remaining parts
as I said 100% once we have
downloaded all the remaining parts
of the airship we keep them in referring
to saved the desktop here as
can see we will have a server we give
archives 244 from the part of hunosa the
part of banxico we are going to point out
all and about some script help
of right is to bring here
the password for the extraction is
triple w point stress
[Music]
dotcom once copied we will give
Accept and start production worth
in my case I'm going to cancel it because I
the suits' previously but you in
the 100% extraction when the
extraction one hundred percent will leave us
two very important things and the divided
and they put us in four which is the iso
installer and a folder with medicine
or crack good vale guys do not forget that
for doing this game and we have
a program called the heap in case
that you do not have it you will find more below
this video is worth
he opened me
once we achieve it we will minimize it
moments pointing to the divided and the
44,000 we drag alday pile the
we assemble we hope they are assembled once
that is finished we have to review this
window here we will give you run
everything but the case of although red leaves
this window told you the start team
or my pc and executed backdrop and worth in
my case what to execute from the window
If not, we will only let you
to this we will accept
[Music]
here we see in these music for for the
music here we proceed to see nets to my
mentor this window because I'm re
settling down is not going to come out we have
in that again and we will give in install and
How can you see how it works?
installation
[Music]
like good guys finally it's cellular
finish the installation sorry to the
to point out is programs we have to
check if we have them in case you do not
we have them we mark them and we install
in my case of those who are not
finding the goal they do not like
just fine
Now we are going to proceed to install the
kraft or medicine is worth
we enter the folder called medicine
which is next to the iso divided into 34
we enter the 32 bean folder we copy
the two files are within the
same folder we point click
right copy
we close this window now if we
we set in the writers an oscar
they created
until I am direct we will click
right properties we are
window we will give in opening invitation or
search 7
us the route installation of the game
here we are going to stick the medicine paste no
wants to replace continue
and ready gamers that would be all already
they are simply going to put in order to
start the game to start playing
good guys I do not feel more violence and
game to see if it works but
they will not be sure that I am lester game
if you liked this video of the
button I like to comment favorites and
subscribe to my face until next time
gamers
[Music]
x
ah
yes
[Music]
outside state
[Applause]
Y
our motivation
and so
best
[Music]